# Performance Reports
This was one of the first programs i made for 99. It gets data from day 1 from the current month to d-1 from current month
Python program to extract locally a .csv of all the data for marketing performance team from all the platforms 
Google, Facebook, Twitter, Appsflyer and Adjust (we are currently not collecting this data anymore).

## Initialize
You can change the init of the APIs, set credentials and credential related stuff on init/init.py
```
pip install -r /path/to/performance_reports/requirements.txt
```

## Utils
+ ***apicalls.py*** - classes to retrieve data from the services API.
+ ***drive.py*** - sends and recieves data from/to drive.
+ ***paths.py*** - gets the path for reports and tables.
+ ***queries.py*** - holds queries to get data from the database as a dataframe (if there's any change in a query, don't forget
to change the dataframes column names).
+ ***time.py*** - gets the start_date(since when) and end_date(to when) parameters.

## Run
Easy peasie
```
python main.py
```
As you might think, ***pax*** folder is for retrieving and ETL on passengers data, ***drivers*** is the same but for drivers data

## StaticFiles
There are 2 folders: ***tables*** and ***reports***.
### Tables
This holds secondary data used by the program, it automatically downloads and update your local files from Google Drive
once you start the program.

### Reports
Holds the reports generated by the program, it automatically sends to Google Drive once the program finishes running

